Update short description and logo (#10)
PrestaShop/statsbestcategories: Readme.md

## About

> Enrich the ‘Stats’ section of your back office, add a list of the best categories to the dashboard.

Author: ```suggestion
Enrich your stats, add a list of the best selling categories to the dashboard.
```
